{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red23\green96\blue147;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red3\green37\blue83;\red52\green52\blue52;\red116\green0\blue7;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9412\c45490\c64314;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c20000\c40000;\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;\cssrgb\c53725\c1569\c1569;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://northeastern.blackboard.com/webapps/assignment/uploadAssignment?content_id=_15904441_1&course_id=_2511844_1&group_id=&mode=view"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs31 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 Assignment 1 - Build a Static Web Site - Due 1-19}}
\f0\b\fs31 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Objective:
\f2\b0 \'a0
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Begin learning HTML/CSS/Javascript concepts/language elements through online resources and apply what you learn to build a static web site (~4-5 pages). Use Eclipse as the tool to create your site.\'a0
\f0\b \cb1 \

\f1 \cb3 \'a0
\f0 \cb1 \

\f1 \cb3 Part 1:
\f2\b0 \'a0
\f0 \'a0\'a0  \'a0\'a0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs25\fsmilli12727 \cf0 \cb3 a.
\b0\fs26 \'a0Install the\'a0\'a0 
\b\fs25\fsmilli12727 Eclipse IDE for Java EE Developers
\b0\fs26 \'a0and go through the video posted in the\'a0\'a0 
\b\fs25\fsmilli12727 Links > Tools (Course Software) > IDEs
\b0\fs26 \'a0folder to get familiar with Eclipse. We will *not* be using the\'a0 NetBeans\'a0IDE that you may have used in other courses. We'll use Eclipse and/or Eclipse-based\'a0 IDEs\'a0all semester so it's important to become familiar quickly.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \cb3 b
\b0 . Review the Introduction to Apache at\'a0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/an-introduction-to-apache--net-25786"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/an-introduction-to-apache--net-25786}}\'a0to understand what web servers are, how they work, and the important role they play on the web. Having Apache or a different web server installed on your local machines will help you with completing part 3.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs25\fsmilli12727 \cf0 \cb3 c.\'a0
\b0\fs26 Review the excellent Google course videos on HTML, CSS, and\'a0 Javascript\'a0posted in the\'a0 
\b\fs25\fsmilli12727 Links > Tutorials/Sample Applications > HTML/CSS/Javascript
\b0\fs26 \'a0folder. You also have tutorials on the\'a0 
\b\fs25\fsmilli12727 W3Schools
\b0\fs26 \'a0site on HTML, CSS, and\'a0 Javascript, but the videos should definitely get you going so watch those first. You don't have to do the exercises for the Google course if you don't want to since your practice with HTML, CSS, and\'a0 Javascript\'a0will come in part 3 of this assignment.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \cb3 Part 2:
\b0 \'a0\'a0  \'a0\'a0 
\f2 \cf6 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Get a COE Computer Account (
\f0 \cf0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.coe.neu.edu/computer/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.coe.neu.edu/computer/}} 
\f2 \cf6 ) so that you may upload your static web pages that you will build in part 3 and have them served from the COE web server. The process for setting up your own COE home page is further described at\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://help.coe.neu.edu/coehelp/index.php/Web"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs25\fsmilli12727 \cf7 \ul \ulc7 http://help.coe.neu.edu/coehelp/index.php/Web.}}
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \cb3 Part 3:
\f0\b0 \'a0\'a0  \'a0\'a0 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Make a static web site where you tell visitors about yourself. Show me what you can do with HTML/CSS/Javascript. Do not use any tool that can generate web sites without writing HTML, CSS, and Javascript such as Microsoft Word, etc. The work that you submit should be your own, not a copy-paste of someone else's work such as the sample code from the Google course materials you reviewed in part 1. The point is to learn HTML/CSS/Javascript yourself. Only use Eclipse as the tool to build your site.
\f0 \'a0\'a0  \'a0\'a0 
\f2 \cf6 \cb1 \
\
\cf0 \cb3 Upload a zip file with the web resource directory (www directory) and include a direct link to your site served from the COE web server.
\f0 \'a0}